adding image: FacilityBG.png
adding image: FacilityBG.png
adding button: AsteriskOff.png
adding button: X16x16Off.png
adding image: newsplash.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding image: FacilityBG.png
adding button: AsteriskOff.png
adding button: X16x16Off.png
adding image: newsplash.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding image: FacilityBG.png
adding button: AsteriskOff.png
adding button: X16x16Off.png
adding image: newsplash.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding image: FacilityBG.png
adding button: AsteriskOff.png
adding button: X16x16Off.png
adding image: newsplash.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding image: FacilityBG.png
adding button: AsteriskOff.png
adding button: X16x16Off.png
adding image: newsplash.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding image: FacilityBG.png
adding button: AsteriskOff.png
adding button: X16x16Off.png
adding image: newsplash.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
adding button: minus_20x20Off.png
adding button: plus_20x20Off.png
loading .\Resources\Characters\RandomAddon1.rgirlsx as XML
loading .\Resources\Characters\RandomGirls.rgirlsx as XML
